Plot difference checkbox added to muon guis (#29161)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v5.1.0/muon.rst

- Addition of a LoadMuonNexusV2 algorithm to load the new Muon V2 files, see :ref:`LoadMuonNexusV2 <algm-LoadMuonNexusV2>`.
- Updated rounding for time zero and first good data to be 3 decimal places.
- Added double pulse analysis, see :ref:`Muon home tab <muon_home_tab-ref>`.

> - Added a Plot difference checkbox which users can use to pick if plot difference curve should be visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a Plot difference checkbox to the Muon Analysis GUI, which allows user to choose whether the fit difference curve is shown.
```
